Greetings esteemed researchers,

@Title
My name is Bugra Coskun. I'm a Mathematical Engineering master's student in 
Istanbul Technical University and I've worked as a control engineer for a ground 
antenna station research and development company for the past 2.5 years. The 
research I will be presenting today: titled Inverse Kinematics of X-Y pedestals
with Joint and Pointing Misalignments focuses on a seemingly trivial problem
of kinematics but as we will see there are some nuances that deserve a well
packaged approach. Additionally this research also includes a surface level
know-how in satellite tracking.

@Contents
The contents of this presentation can be seen in this slide.

@Introduction
X-Y pedestals are 2 revolute joint manipulators generally used in
Low-Earth-Orbit satellite communications with higher power needs. They don't
suffer the zenith problem like azimuth- elevation pedestals and they can output
more power than electronically steered panel antennas. In turn they are more
unforgiving to manufacturing issues compared to Azimuth-Elevation pedestals and
mechanical systems create more areas for errors. Obvious as it is, tracking a
satellite with an antenna pedestal is like trying to keep a laser pointer on a
tennis ball. But the tennis ball is at the far end of this conference hall and
the laser is invisible, knowing only when we actually hit the tennis ball.

@Problem Definition ----------------------------------------------------------
The problem is apparent, it is hard to manufacture precisely and for high
frequencies and high gains these mechanical errors start to pile up. To give an
example a beamwidth for 52.4GHz 4 meter parabolic antenna is only 0.5 degrees
wide. But manufacturing precisely is hard and expensive! While measuring
precisely is relatively cheaper and can be easier. Even if we could manufacture
perfectly we usually cant' be sure that the pedestal won't tilt or flex while
swinging around a few hundred kilograms of mass..

@Motivation ------------------------------------------------------------------
Thus confronted with these issues and the lack of a generalized solution
addressing these issues was the basis for the motivation of this research.
Previous notable research from Tehrani et. al. includes a comprehensive
analysis of the kinematics and dynamics of X-Y pedestals but focusing only on
systems where ideal geometry approximation is acceptible, meaning lower gain.

Augustin et. al. 1994 mentions the use of table of values being inputted to the
inverse kinematic software for orthogonality issues but further information on
this topic doesn't seem to be available.

@Method ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Here is the pedestal basis and coordinate system constructed for an imperfect
pedestal.

@Inverse Kinematics ----------------------------------------------------------
Foundation for the inverse kinematics solutions is the relationship between
possible rotations around the joint axes.

As you can see we define the conical set of vectors around the axis using
the inner product.

As practicality dictates we first consider the rotation around the W axis
to not deal with intrinsic rotations. 
Of course we can only rotate the antenna in a certain way around the W
conserving the inner product.

We then define the S_X using the target vector. As you can see in the 
animation there are two locations belonging to both sets. We are concerned
only with the nearest.

@Workspace

@Application

